ah
go we go out you know i'll put medical
record but ya say that
we play for pizza
you
we believe in exercise exercise allow
your sort of Detroit Lions wanna win
shark is the party Toulouse William an
interested party pray he amongee taking
a truly muchacha mario super sure mine
is shown on Stephenson Hammond Padre
Nostra yeah some shopping that's not the
best at the culture we live in colossal
danger Adolphus non sia retri yo no sé
linn-baker estaba borracho mundo
mi vida que parte del ano Santa soon oh
there we gain
I'm done I'm ami no I minute
ristorante come to be known after la fin
que no la verità tarah SE non è questo
non next we inject a little not to play
kappa this game is a is the beta don't a
survival center for change release it
God data alastair burnet ok
Oh lullah come on
chisato machine Taguchi will not occur
Adara I wanna treat yo la continue on
friend amo Pensacola como se no se llevó
dieron on Cyril enter gua anasco jana
suegra haryana west elementary qui
civiltà OC per day
it's finished then it boy great
experience great competition you got to
give your hat take your hat off to the
Lions but you know I can't thank my guys
enough here the Dolphins I really played
for play for each other and you know
we'll celebrate tonight and then it's on
to the elephants on Tuesday I practice
they can't score now they got no
American she'd be if they score
no doubt I love it over here that's why
I keep coming back i think this year we
have a very good team our defense really
stepped up I think now we have a running
game those who saw us last year
and at abhi na alpha todavia Rory gross
she Debbie amo regalado touches down
peridot a baby I be movin toda partita
acueste culo que canta mu P de la
partita Champa yeah I appreciate that i
think i played a very good game we made
some good calls on defense and offense
that put me in the right position to
make some good plays